we have other channels mat here home
farm ideas and today i installed well I
completely installed it I put the wire
back here / put the wire back here a
bungee cord actually for right now to
hold the pipe in place and now I'm
filling it up so put the rest of that
there's all the chicken feed and so
that's basically it you know you want to
put a lid on it too so that nothing no
water no rain water no dust or anything
gets inside there and if you come around
to the front you can actually see it
down there the chicks haven't even went
to it yet because they're so excited
about being in the coop outside but
that's it down there don't move around
the feed good stuff so you don't really
need to worry about moving around the
feed yourself because they'll do it and
it's pretty much enough to get into it
from the top or the bottom here and all
the girls are going to be rubbing their
poop down here this is temporary until
we get this all fixed I needed to get
them outside though so they're gonna is
going to be their first night outside we
got food for them then we got your
little rear water right here with the
water nipple that usually lasts them
about about four days
so that's about it just putting the
girls out for the first time tonight
just quite a gap around the inside area
but I'm gonna be putting dirt around the
outside of it and hopefully they'll like
their new home this is where it's gonna
be once we get that wall put in though
it'll be ready so anyways god bless you
guys